[footsteps]
[sighs]
[NONA]
Good morning.
Who are you?
I'm Nona, and who are you?
Hi, Nona. I'm--
I don't...
[NONA]
Sorry, that was mean.
A trick question. You don't
actually have a name.
So, where are we going now?
To the 15th floor.
[gasps]
[breaks squeal]
[NONA]
Come on. This way.
Hmph.
[NONA]
Hello? Clavis!
[elevator dings]
Hello there, ladies.
How are we doing today?
[NONA]
You're late.
I'm very sorry about that.
Where can I take you?
We're headed up
to Decim's place.
You got it!
How're you?
I'm all right, thanks.
[elevator dings]
Have fun! See ya later.
[WOMAN gasps]
[DECIM]
Hello, Nona.
Thank you for bringing her by.
Hello, and welcome
to the Quindecim.
My name is Decim.
I'm the bartender here.
Hey, it's nice to meet you.
So, uh, what is this pla--?
This is where the
deceased come first.
The deceased?
Dead people, you mean?
[NONA] Right. Two deceased
will be coming here shortly.
We're going to ask
them to play a game
on which their lives are staked.
Okay.
[NONA] We're here to pass
judgment on the deceased,
based on their memories.
We also consider the
humanity they exhibit
during their time here with us.
As you will see, we
function as arbiters.
Arbiters? Uh...
Hey.
It seems like this is coming
as sort of a surprise to you.
Anyway.
The deceased will arrive
here, but before they do,
their memories are
all compiled together
and sent to the arbiters.
Compiled how?
Let's see, what's the
best way to describe it?
It's kind of like a
kaleidoscope of images.
That make sense?
[WOMAN]
More or less.
Does this mean... Am I--?
[NONA]
Just a sec, okay?
Quin. We're ready.
[QUIN] Roger that, Nona.
Sending memories right now.
Things should start
moving along swiftly.
Now, Decim. If you don't mind.
[DECIM]
As you wish, ma'am.
Well, are you coming?
[WOMAN]
Uh--
Excuse me?
[NONA]
Hmm?
[WOMAN] What about me?
What exactly do I do here?
Oh. I'm sorry, did I
forget to tell you?
You're here as an assistant.
Uh...
This is us.
[gasps]
[yelps]
[NONA] They're just dummies.
It's Decim's little hobby.
Don't let them get to you.
Those are really creepy.
A pretty revolting
hobby, isn't it?
[NONA]
The real action is out there.
Where Decim is in the
process of persuading
our guests to play a game.
Back in the bar?
Yes. Eyes forward, please.
And I'll need you
to sit very still.
Oh...
[NONA] Today's performance
will be starring these two.
That's Takashi and Machiko.
A couple that's newlywed
and newly dead.
[WOMAN]
Those two are dead?
Not that they are
aware of it, of course.
The shock of dying tends
to make people forget.
And, for now, that's the
way we want to keep it.
Why is that?
[NONA] Well, if they knew
that they were dead,
I doubt they'd stake
their lives on a game.
Why would they, anyway?
That kind of bet doesn't
seem worth making.
[NONA] True, and normally,
they wouldn't.
We have to do a
little convincing.
How?
By making them
think their lives
are at a greater risk
if they don't play.
That's what's going
on right now.
So all this is to
intimidate them into playing?
Yes, exactly. So sit still.
[TAKASHI] Let's just do
what he says for now.
Who knows what'll
happen if we don't?
The guy's clearly unbalanced.
[game music plays]
[NONA]
Intimidation successful.
I don't understand.
Why go to such lengths?
[NONA] It's necessary to
reach the right verdict.
Accurately reading people
can require extreme conditions.
In this case, that means
having them risk their lives
on some contest.
Well, that does sound extreme.
Like I said,
it's designed to be.
The whole idea is to
create severe tension.
Mental and emotional,
for the most part.
[gasps]
[NONA]
Okay! On to the next phase.
Wait a second.
[NONA]
What now?
[WOMAN] Why do this
when you already know
their whole life story?
[NONA] Because we can't
accurately judge people
on their memories alone.
They must be made to
expose the darkest parts
of their being so the
arbiters can come to know
the whole person.
Only then can we judge them
and decide their fates.
One game can do all that?
[NONA]
Still not convinced, are you?
Do you happen to know what
the most primitive emotion
human beings experience is?
I don't.
Fear, my dear.
[door clicks]
The mannequins that are
in here are all dressed up.
[NONA]
That's not important right now.
Why don't you look
down there, instead?
[WOMAN]
So they have to play darts?
[NONA]
This time, anyway.
[yelps]
Machiko!
What happened?
This game does involve
some physical pain.
How?
[NONA] He hit the shoulder
area of the target,
so Machiko's shoulder
started to hurt.
How is that possible?
[TAKASHI groans]
[MACHIKO]
Baby! Does it really hurt?
[NONA]
I'd say that one was the lungs.
In this game, the players throw
seven darts at two targets,
the areas of which are linked
to parts of their bodies.
Almost as if they were being
made to stab each other.
[WOMAN]
This is going too far.
You'll get used
to it soon enough.
[WOMAN] Oh, I get it.
They can just miss.
Decim tipped them off to that,
but it's really not that simple.
Why?
Look at the scores.
[NONA] If they keep on
missing like this,
Machiko will be the winner.
[WOMAN]
That's fine, isn't it?
From where you're
sitting, maybe it is,
but not for the ones
who are playing the game.
They think whoever loses
stands a chance of being killed.
But nobody ever said--
True enough. Nobody said it.
But really, what are
they supposed to think?
[TAKASHI gasps]
[NONA] The mind is very
susceptible to such suggestions.
Nobody wants to do something
that will lead to
their own death.
It goes against
human programming.
--[yelps]
--[TAKASHI] No!
Oh, god, I'm so sorry!
I didn't mean to.
My hand slipped!
There, did you see that?
It was intentional?
It certainly seemed
like it was.
but we can only be sure
about their memories.
Things that happen here
are open to interpretation.
We don't know what
their motives are.
So, it's just a hunch?
Well, an outsider
might call it that.
But these judgments
require experience
and the ability to observe,
which we arbiters have.
[TAKASHI groans]
My eyes!
[gasps]
People are fascinating,
don't you think?
Even after all I've seen,
there are still so many things
I don't know about
how the mind works.
Oh, by the way, it might be
useful to know how they died.
[gasps]
[NONA]
They got into a car accident
while they were
on their honeymoon
because Takashi thought
Machiko was cheating.
[WOMAN]
That's terrible!
[MACHIKO]
It's your child.
Why didn't you say something?
[MACHIKO]
I was going to.
I wanted to surprise
you during our trip.
I haven't told anybody yet.
I wanted you to be
the first one to know.
I'm glad I was.
I'm so happy, honey.
[TAKASHI] I can't believe I'm
finally going to be a father!
[gasps]
[groans]
[panting]
Their memories are
beginning to return.
What?
It's set up so that they're
stimulated as the game goes on.
We have no way of knowing
what they're going to remember.
But it will have to
do with their deaths.
[gasps]
[NONA] These are things
they've forgotten
due to the shock of dying.
We have to evoke them. Forcibly.
[DECIM] Congratulations.
You are the winner, Machiko.
And with that, the game
is officially at an end.
If you would both please
move over this way.
Just a minute! Please!
One more throw! Just one!
[MACHIKO]
There's no point.
What?
Stop. There's no
point to any of it.
What do you mean?
[MACHIKO] Hey, bartender, we're
already dead now, aren't we?
Yes.
I'm afraid you have both
left the land of the living.
Following their deaths,
people are either sent
to Heaven or to Hell.
People really go
to Heaven or Hell?
Well, that's what
we tell them because
it's an easy concept
to comprehend.
More precisely, the options are
reincarnation and the void.
Reincarnation and the void?
[NONA] If reincarnated,
their soul will return
to inhabit another
person's body.
But if they are sent to the
void, then their soul is lost.
and they plunge into darkness.
[WOMAN]
That's what the judgment is for,
to determine what
happens to their souls.
[NONA] That's the heart
of what we arbiters do.
Welcome to the
tribunal of the soul.
[TAKASHI]
It's not my child!
What? Whose do you
think it is, exactly?
Somebody else's!
Please, it has to be!
Takashi, please.
[sighs]
[MACHIKO sniffs]
[TAKASHI]
I love you, Machiko.
And I'll make you the
happiest woman alive.
I promise that. Just
say you'll marry me.
[MACHIKO]
Yes! Of course I'll marry you!
You know, you're
actually right for once.
[gasps]
[MACHIKO] Yeah. I'm in love
with somebody else.
[MACHIKO laughs]
[MACHIKO]
I mean, it's obvious, isn't it?
Did you actually think somebody
would ever fall
in love with you?
[grunts]
What are you,
a complete idiot?
I didn't want anything
but your money!
[TAKASHI] Wait, you mean...
you were lying?
You really were
making it all up?
Of course I was lying,
moron! I mean, your child?
[TAKASHI]
Dirty bitch! I'll teach you!
Thank you for playing.
Best of luck on your journey.
Not a bad job, there, Decim.
[DECIM]
Thank you, I did my best.
What did you think about it?
It was pretty awful.
You will get used to it.
So where did each of them
end up going, then?
[NONA] I'm guessing
Takashi's soul was sent
for reincarnation and Machiko's
was sent into the void.
Yes.
[WOMAN]
Oh, I see. Um.
Maybe you can clear
something up for me.
[WOMAN]
Basically, you think Machiko
did have a man on the side.
Yes.
[WOMAN]
Hm.
[NONA] It doesn't look like
you're convinced about that.
No, not quite.
I mean, it could have been
just a one-time thing, right?
[MACHIKO sobs]
It could, but what would
make you think that?
A hunch.
It's just a hunch?
Something was bothering
her the whole time.
We know she was pregnant.
But who was the father?
I'd say Takashi.
Really?
But she said herself that it
belonged to somebody else.
Yes, except, do you
remember her face
when she said it?
I'm pretty sure she
was actually lying.
About the baby?
I don't understand.
What would be the
reason to do that?
The lie was a gift for Takashi.
It was the only way remaining
that she could help him.
What do you mean?
Help him how?
He was tortured
by guilt and grief
over killing his own child,
but if the child
didn't belong to him,
then maybe it wouldn't
hurt quite so much.
[DECIM gasps]
[DECIM] Her outburst...
It was all an act?
That's my theory, yes.
[DECIM]
That's incomprehensible. Why?
Why do that when they
were already dead?
I think it's because
they were dead.
That changed things.
[DECIM]
Hm?
I'm only guessing about this.
But when she knew they
were about to be separated
for good, maybe that was her way
of being true to herself
and her feelings.
You've lost me. What feelings?
[WOMAN] Ugh. How are
you not getting this?
Her feelings for Takashi!
Oh, I see. You're
talking about love.
[sighs]
Then, most likely...
[WOMAN 1B]
Yeah. You have to admit, though.
Matchy really does...
"Matchy"? Do they mean Machiko?
If he hadn't gotten
the wrong idea,
things would have
ended differently.
They probably would've
had a happy life together.
Do you think it's true?
Was my judgment incorrect?
Huh?
Heh.
[grunts]
Occasionally, we make mistakes.
People can have
surprising motivations
and unique ways of
expressing their emotions.
As an arbiter, you can't
afford to brush things off.
[DECIM]
Yes. I'm terribly sorry.
[NONA]
Don't forget this.
[DECIM]
Yes, ma'am.
Good. Now, make me the usual.
Yes, right away.
So this is your usual drink?
Give it a try.
They're very good.
[laughs]
Just as delicious as always!
You weren't kidding!
This is good!
Thank you. I'm glad
you enjoy it.
That's all he's good for.
Drinks and seriousness.
There's not much to
Decim besides that.
Well, there's the
mannequin hobby,
but I don't think that's
something you forget.
No, you really don't.
[chuckles]
Well, I trust you can
take it from here.
Wait, I'm confused.
What do I do?
[NONA] Hmm, well, just
what you've been doing.
So, how did she do?
Not a bad showing,
I would say.
Huh?
What is it?
It's just that
you're not usually
so positive about them.
[NONA]
Hm.
A happy life, huh?
"Matchy"? Do they mean Machiko?
[NONA] That wasn't just a
simple misunderstanding.
[NONA]
It was more than that.
Takashi was a person who
couldn't trust anybody.
I don't see how he could
ever have found happiness.
[NONA] Actually...
I take back what I said.
What?
She still has a way to go, yet.
[DECIM]
You're very insightful.
I look forward to
working together.
[WOMAN]
Thanks. I do, too.
And also. I'd like to
apologize for earlier.
Why?
I made a mistake.
I have respect for people who
have lived a fulfilling life.
In this instance, I did not
act as befitted an arbiter.
Hey, Decim. One more thing.
Yes, what is it?
[WOMAN]
I'm empty.
Think you could
make me another one?
It would be my pleasure.
[NONA]
Yes. I see.
Excellent. Thank you very much.
[NONA]
Yes, don't worry. I get it.
The term is only
for three months.
[QUIN] Episode Three:
"Rolling Ballade."